# Contributor Code of Conduct

As contributors and maintainers of this project, and in the interest of
fostering an open and welcoming community, we pledge to respect all people who
contribute through reporting issues, posting feature requests, updating
documentation, submitting pull requests or patches, and other activities.

We are committed to making participation in this project a harassment-free
experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible
disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression,
level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal
appearance, race, caste, color, religion, or sexual identity and orientation..

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

- The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances of
  any kind
- Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
- Public or private harassment
- Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email address,
  without their explicit permission
- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or
permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

By adopting this Code of Conduct, project maintainers commit themselves to
fairly and consistently applying these principles to every aspect of managing
this project. Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of
Conduct may be permanently removed from the project team.

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community.

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported by contacting a project maintainer at moderation@legionlabs.com. All
complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that
is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. Maintainers are
obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an
incident.

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage],
version 1.3.0, available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/3/0/code-of-conduct.html

[homepage]: https://www.contributor-covenant.org
